Emphasize exceptions to culture name two-letter rule (#14816)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/resources/packaging-and-deploying-resources-in-desktop-apps.md

## Resource naming conventions

When you package your application's resources, you must name them using the resource naming conventions that the common language runtime expects. The runtime identifies a resource by its culture name. Each culture is given a unique name, which is usually a combination of a two-letter, lowercase culture name associated with a language and, if required, a two-letter, uppercase subculture name associated with a country or region. The subculture name follows the culture name, separated by a dash (-). Examples include ja-JP for Japanese as spoken in Japan, en-US for English as spoken in the United States, de-DE for German as spoken in Germany, or de-AT for German as spoken in Austria. See the **Language tag** column in the [list of language/region names supported by Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-lcid/a9eac961-e77d-41a6-90a5-ce1a8b0cdb9c). Culture names follow the standard defined by [BCP 47](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47).

> [!NOTE]

> > There are some exceptions for the two-letter culture names such as `zh-Hans` for Chienese (Simplieied).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are some exceptions for the two-letter culture names such as `zh-Hans` for Chienese (Simplifi
ed).
```

Author: @pkulikov, Thanks!

> > There are some exceptions for the two-letter culture names such as `zh-Hans` for Chienese (Simplified).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are some exceptions for the two-letter culture names, such as `zh-Hans` for Chinese (Simplified).
```
